feat: add COMPOSE_MOUNTS for edx-notes-api (#13)
overhangio/tutor-notes: README.rst

- ``NOTES_MYSQL_USERNAME`` (default: ``"notes"``)

These values can be modified with ``tutor config save --set PARAM_NAME=VALUE`` commands.

Debugging
---------

To debug the notes API service, you are encouraged to mount the edx-notes-api repo from the host in the development container:

    tutor dev start --mount /path/to/edx-notes-api

> Feel free to add breakpoints (``import pdb; pdb.set_trace()``) anywhere in your source code to debug your application.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Feel free to add breakpoints (``breakpoint()``) anywhere in your source code to debug your application.
```

Author: @kdmccormick Good point! Fixed it!
